
git commands

- git add
- git status
- git commit -m "comment"
- git push 


linux command
pico hw2.txt
^o
^x 

1. List the rules for collaboration on homework assignments
	
	Similarly, you can discuss your ideas with your class mates for homework assignments.
However, do not do your homework with individuals outside of your group. You are welcome to use
concepts that were not covered in class, which you might already know or found online, but you must be
able to verbally explain your solution and show thorough understanding of the concepts you used, when
asked.

If you have not collaborated with any one, this document should include the following statement:
I did not collaborate with anyone while working on this assignment.


2. List the rules for consulting external references for homework assignments
	
	You can consult any available resources (printed or online) when doing homework assignments, except
generative AI tools, like ChatGPT. Always read and understand the material you find. Then put it aside and
start writing your own answer. This ensures that the work you submit is different enough that it becomes
your own.
To ensure academic honesty, please include your sources (and the names of fellow students with whom
you brainstormed) as a separate document, to be submitted with each assignment.
If you have not consulted any external sources, this document should include the following statement:
I did not consult any sources other than the textbook while working on this assignment.


3.What is the penalty for submitting late assignments?  

	late assignments will
be accepted; however, there will be a penalty of 10% per day for submitting late assignments. Exceptions
will be granted on individual basis, and only for extreme circumstances.

4. What is the penalty for missing classes?  

	When absent, students remain responsible for finding out what class activities occurred during the
absence and making up missed work if the instructor permits it. When a student knows in advance that it
will be necessary to miss a class session, the student should inform the instructor.

